This project aims to develop an interest-sharing platform called “MatchMiner”, which supports web, Android and IOS versions. 
One key feature of the platform is the “tag” system. Users can claim tags that represent their interests. To ensure the quality of community discussions, the number of tags that each user can claim is limited (capped at 4). In this way, users are encouraged to join communities that they are truly passionate about.
Users can post texts and images on the platform. When publishing a post, they are required to tag it with the most relevant tag from their tag list. They will be allowed to choose among various visibility settings, including “only users with the same tag can see”, “friends only”, “post anonymously”, etc. In the home page, users can view posts that are visible to them. They can choose to apply filters to their home feed, based on criteria such as tags, friends and recommendation.
As we aim to help like-minded people connect with each other, users can see their matching index with other users. The matching index is an indicator with levels ranging from 0 to 5, calculated based on the similarity of users’ tag lists, and how active they are in each community they have both joined. This index is shown when users view others’ profile page. It helps users decide whether they want to send a friend request to other users they are interested in.
After adding friends, users can directly chat with each other, or form group chats in the chat page. The group chats can be customised with different themes, including various social deduction game bot moderators. This allows users to engage in fun activities among their new social circles, to know each group member better.
In each user’s profile page, they can find their tags, friend list, post history, as well as an achievement section which showcases their level of engagement on the platform. Users can earn experience points by completing achievements, including daily login, publishing relevant posts, befriending users with high matching index, and winning social deduction games in groups. As users level up, they are rewarded with a larger number of tags that they are able to claim.