Refer to our shorthand functions `/static/script/layout.js`.
For each test, read the instruction on the settings before conducting the test, and paste the javascript code into the javascript console. The javascript console can be found by right click, then click 'inspect', and on top, click 'console'.
To find the cookies currently in your browser, right click, then click 'inspect', and on top, click 'application'. The 'application' option may be hidden and can be made visible by click the icon on the top right (depending on your browser, the position of the icon may differ).
By default, unless stated otherwise, you must be logged in to conduct the test. You should be in the home page to conduct the test. The test might still work if you are on a different route, but fetch API in javascript may work differently in the javascript console.
Replace the values inside the diamond operator with the correct value. Don't come back to us saying the API does not work when you have not done so.
Some instruction on a POST request may involve reloading the page. This is for you to verify, but on our side, we check the database to verify the modifications.
Trivial test cases are presented in user_auth section, but omitted everywhere else in this testing documentation. Trivial test cases include those with invalid POST request body content and invalid settings (e.g. logged in settings, user relationships).
There are no test cases for websocket part of message app. This is because websocket is meant to be able to receive messages from and send messages to frontend, hence only system/integration tests with frontend is conducted.
Unit tests for admin features (i.e. APIs that only admins can access) are not yet designed. Please note that we have tested them, but the tests are not yet documented.
Do not attempt to send a request to our server cross-origin. We do not accommodate for cross-origin request, hence there is no 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' in the response header. GET request may still go through, but POST request will strictly not go through.